feat(curriculum): add cipher project to Python curriculum (#52373)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/20-upcoming-python/learn-string-manipulation-by-building-a-cipher/6553a572f7a65718f1e42e18.md

---
id: 6553a572f7a65718f1e42e18
title: Step 46
challengeType: 20
dashedName: step-46
---

# --description--

> A function is essentially a reusable portion of code. You have already met some built-in functions, like `print()`, `find()` and `len()`. But you can also declare custom functions like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A function is essentially a reusable block of code. You have already met some built-in functions, like `print()`, `find()` and `len()`. But you can also define custom functions like this:
```
